okay we're almost done with this little
bag what we need to do now before we
totally finish it is put these little
drawstring stops on there and there's a
couple of different ways to make it i'm
going to make it the most simple way on
one and then the other one I'm going to
do a trick so but before I even get
started on making it putting it together
I'm going to turn these under half an
inch and make seen and that's going to
be on all side on this side in this side
and the long side here alongside there
ok I'm just going to here we go and I'm
just I in the side and the next one I'm
actually going to measure for you
because I want them to be the same
length but I'm just running turning one
under at this point at this side don't
want them I want to make sure they're
all see one inch so I'm going to mark an
inch and when things are this small I
like to get it exact because it's not
easy to hide flaws and real small things
there you go so now I'm going to turn
this one over right there where I have
much hot mark just run that seem I'll
all the way to the end okay there's one
and I'm going to do the same thing here
so I'm going to have two identical
pieces with the sides turned under okay
there is that ok and now I think I want
to save this one for the trick that I'm
going to do to show you how to do with a
quick way and this one I'm going to go
ahead and mark it and then i'm going to
show you how to sew it and run the
drawstring through but what I want you
to do first is market directly in half
right there so one and a half right in
the middle okay and then from there you
need a half an inch on both sides of
that middle mark and that's for that
the drawstring to run through then it's
going to wrap around the backside
another half an inch for the backside I
just make one simple little one okay so
now that we have these marks all it is
is cutting it in half and then making
half inch marks on each side of the
middle half then another half inch mark
and just do that then I'll show you how
to make this little this little stop and
then we'll attach it to the drawstring